ACP2E-346: [Documentation] Add final minimum(maximum) price calculation formula into number of documents (#1635)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/catalog-shared-pricing-structure.md

You can set custom pricing for each product individually or use the Action control to set custom pricing as a fixed amount or percentage for multiple product records.

> | Fixed | Specifies the final product price. For example, if you enter a fixed price of $10.00, the price in the storefront for the corresponding company is $10.00. **Note:** Minimum value among Base Price and entered Fixed value vil be selected as final product price |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Fixed | Specifies the final product price. For example, if you enter a fixed price of $10.00, the price in the storefront for the corresponding company is $10.00. **_Note:_** The minimum value between the Base Price and the entered Fixed value is used as the final product price. |
```

Author: Committed
